docs: add dependabot configuration (#3074)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/dependabot.md

# Staying up to date with Dependabot

> It is recommended to group the testcontainers update modules for dependabot using the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to group the Testcontainers update modules for dependabot using the following configuration:
```

```yaml
version: 2
updates:
  - package-ecosystem: "gomod"
    directories:
      - "/"
      - ...
    schedule:
      interval: "daily"
    groups:
      testcontainers-go:
        patterns:
          - "github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"
          - "github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go/modules/*"
```

> This will ensure that all modules are updated at the same time, and that the PRs are grouped together. 
> 
> This will help to avoid conflicts and make it easier to review the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that all modules are updated at the same time, and that the PRs are grouped together. 

It also helps to avoid conflicts and makes it easier to review the changes.
```
